Update config-settings.rst (experimental audit settings) (#3508)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/config-settings.rst

Experimental Settings only in config.json
-----------------------------------------

Audit settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The audit settings output audit records to syslog (local or remote server via TLS) and/or to a local file. Both are disabled by default.

Syslog configuration options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> **True**: When ``true`` syslog output is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**True**: When ``true`` syslog output is enabled.

```

+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogTag": ""`` with string input consisting of a user-defined tag field.                   |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Syslog cert
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This is the path to the syslog server certificate for TLS connections (``.crt`` or ``.pem``).

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogCert": ""`` with string input consisting of the path to the certificate.                |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

File configuration options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> **True**: When ``true`` file output is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**True**: When ``true`` file output is enabled.

```

+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

File name
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This is the path to the output file location.

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsFileName": ""`` with string input consisting of a user-defined path (e.g. ``/var/log/mattermost_audit.log``).           |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

File max size MB
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This is the maximum size (measured in megabytes) that the file can grow before triggering rotation. The default setting is 100.

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsFileMaxSizeMB": 100`` with numerical input.                                                    |

Reviewer: This is not rendering.

Author: Fixed.

Experimental Settings only in config.json
-----------------------------------------

Audit settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The audit settings output audit records to syslog (local or remote server via TLS) and/or to a local file. Both are disabled by default.

Syslog configuration options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> 

Reviewer 2: Wondering if this needs a description?

Author: I think both syslog and file config options would benefit from a description; I'll ping you when I've added them. :)

Author: @wiersgallak, I've added descriptions.

Experimental Settings only in config.json
-----------------------------------------

Audit settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The audit settings output audit records to syslog (local or remote server via TLS) and/or to a local file. Both are disabled by default.

Syslog configuration options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**True**: When ``true`` syslog output is enabled.
**False**: Syslog output is disabled.

+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogEnabled": "false"`` with options ``true`` and ``false``.                              |

Reviewer 3: I don't think the section and key should be combined here.  The section is `ExperimentalAuditSettings` and the key is `ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogEnabled`.  Also, the default value is a bool not a string.  e.g. ``"SysLogEnabled": false``

Author: Updated, thanks!

+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Syslog IP
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The IP address or domain of the syslog server. Use ``localhost`` for local syslog.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogIP": []`` with string input consisting of an IP address or domain name.                  |

Reviewer 3: Default value should be "localhost".  e.g. ``"SysLogIP": "localhost"``

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Syslog port
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The IP address or domain of the syslog server. Use ``localhost`` for local syslog.

Author: ```suggestion
The port that the syslog server is listening on.
```

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogPort": []`` with string array input consisting of a port number.            |

Author: @wiggin77, is there a default port that should be used?

Reviewer 3: The default is 6514.   It is a numeric (not string).   Also, should the JSON 
```json
"ExperimentalAuditSettings": {
    "SysLogPort": 6514,
}
```
become `ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogPort` with no separator?  I've not worked with RST before so I don't know how that gets reformatted.

Author: I'll review and revert on that.

Author: AFAIK there is not meant to be a separator (based on existing content), but I am tagging @amyblais to confirm.

Reviewer 3: Reviewing the document, `ExperimentalAuditSettings` is the only section where the section name and key are joined like that.  As a user reading the doc, I would think `ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogPort` is a top-level key, but that wouldn't work.

Author: Thanks, @wiggin77. I did a bit more digging into this and I based the format on the existing experimental config settings that are prefixed by "Experimental". I've updated the docs but was wondering if it's something that would be considered in a future release (appending "ExperimentalAuditSettings" to the setting)?

Reviewer 3: From what I see in config.json, when there is a single experimental option within an existing feature or section then the key is prefixed with `experimental`, such as `ExperimentalGroupUnreadChannels` within `ServiceSettings`.   When a larger feature is experimental it gets it's own section and the section is prefixed `experimental`.

Author: Ah! Yeah that makes sense, thanks for looking into it. I've made the changes - thank you!

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogIP": []`` with string array input consisting of an IP address or domain name.            |

Author: ```suggestion
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogPort": []`` with string array input consisting of a port number.            |
```

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogPort": []`` with numeric input consisting of a port number.                              |

Reviewer 3: Default here is 6514.  e.g. ``"SysLogPort": 6514``

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Syslog tag
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The IP address or domain of the syslog server. Use ``localhost`` for local syslog.

Author: ```suggestion
The syslog metadata tag field.
```

+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogTag": []`` with string array input consisting of a user-defined field tag.             |

Author: ```suggestion
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogTag": []`` with string array input consisting of a user-defined tag field.             |
```

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogTag": []`` with string input consisting of a user-defined tag field.                   |

Reviewer 3: Default is empty string, not empty array.  e.g. ``"SysLogTag": ""``

+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Syslog cert
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This is the path to the syslog server certificate for TLS connections (``.crt`` or ``.pem``).

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogCert": []`` with string array input consisting of a user-defined field tag.             |

Author: ```suggestion
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogCert": []`` with string array input consisting of a path to the location of the certificate.             |
```

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsSysLogCert": []`` with string input consisting of the path to the certificate.                |

Reviewer 3: Default is empty string

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

File configuration options
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**True**: When ``true`` file output is enabled.
**False**: File output is disabled.

+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsFileEnabled": "false""`` with options ``true`` and ``false``.                               |

Reviewer 3: Default is `false` not string `"false"`

+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

File name
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This is the path to the output file location.

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsFileName": []`` with string input consisting of a user-defined path (e.g. ``/var/log/mattermost_audit.log``).           |

Reviewer 3: Default is empty string.

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsFileName": []`` with string array input consisting of a user-defined name.                     |

Author: ```suggestion
| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsFileName": []`` with string array input consisting of a user-defined path.                     |
```

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsFileName": []`` with string array input consisting of a user-defined path.                     |

Author: @wiggin77, would it be useful to have an example path here?

Reviewer 3: For Linux an example path would be  `/var/log/mattermost_audit.log`

Reviewer 3: Also, it is not an array of strings, just a single string.   Same for all the audit settings.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

File max size MB
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This is the maximum size (measured in megabytes) that the file can grow before triggering rotation. The default setting is 100.

Author: @wiggin77, is there a maximum value here?

Reviewer 3: No maximum other than what an Int can hold.  I don't think a maximum needs to be documented as it would exceed the size of any customer's disk capacity (something like 4 billion megabytes).

Author: That makes sense, thank you. :)

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsFileMaxSizeMB": []`` with numerical input.                                                    |

Reviewer 3: Default is `100`.  e.g.  ``"FileMaxSizeMB": 100``

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

File max age days
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This is the maximum age in days a file can reach before triggering rotation. The default value is 0, indicating no limit on the age.

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsFileMaxAgeDays": []`` with numerical input.                                                    |

Reviewer 3: Default is `0`

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

File max backups
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This is the maximum number of rotated files kept; oldest is deleted first.

Author: @wiggin77, is there a limit on the value that can be entered? Is there a default value?

Reviewer 3: Ah yes, I left out some info.  

FileMaxSizeMB defaults to 100
FileMaxAgeDays defaults to 0;  0 means no limit on age
FileMaxBackups defaults to 0;  0 means no limit on number of backups

Reviewer 3: None of those have any meaningful maximum value.

Author: Thanks!

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsFileMaxBackups": []`` with numerical input.                                                    |

Reviewer 3: Default is `0`

+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

File compress
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This when “true” rotated files are compressed using ``gzip``.

Author: @wiggin77, what's the definition of "true"? Is it based on any of the other configurations or is it separate?

Reviewer 3: FileCompress is a boolean;  it can be `true` or `false`.   Like the other FileXXX config options, it is only used when `FileEnabled` is `true`.

Author: That makes sense, thanks. So then ``FileCompress`` is not numerical, it would be ``true`` or ``false``?

Reviewer 3: Correct

+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"ExperimentalAuditSettingsFileCompress": []`` with options ``true`` and ``false``.                                     |

Reviewer 3: Default is `false`.  e.g.  ``"FileCompress": false``
